[
    //"Rise and shine, Mister Freeman. Rise and... shine. Not that I... wish to imply you have been sleeping on the job. No one is more deserving of a rest, and all the effort in the world would have gone to waste until... well, let's just say your hour has... come again. The right man in the wrong place can make all the difference in the world. So, wake up, Mister Freeman. Wake up and... smell the ashes...",
    //add something from portal 2 - commented out half life because i havent played it yet
    //"Oh, and Freeman! If you pull this off, I might just forgive you for that debacle at Black Mesa. You know the one I mean - involving a certain microwave casserole.",
    "The V model was built for war, with V1 boasting a new kind of exterior plating that allowed refueling through contact with blood rather than through a separate refueling process. Due to its necessary thinness, it is far less durable, but the ability to fix itself and rebuild broken parts on the fly would outweigh the negatives on an active battlefield. However, during the prototyping phase, the New Peace was established and war became irrelevant. V1s planned production was cancelled and an updated model, V2, was developed instead, using the standardized plating, since durability was far more important during times of peace when no bloodshed was necessary. Neither model ever reached mass production due to the end of wars completely draining any demand, so its likely only a single prototype build of each model remains in existence.",
    "After its defeat and escape, V2 dove deeper into Hell, killing other machines for their blood to help its recovery with the intent of taking revenge on V1 and recovering its original arm. After finding a temporary replacement from one of its victims, V2 used parts from other machines to transform the new placeholder arm into a mobility tool that would allow it to catch up to V1's fast descent into the deeper layers. In order to prepare for their second and final encounter, it researched the combat data from their previous battle to copy strategies and techniques from the older and more experienced V1 to give itself an upper hand. However, despite all its preparation, V2 lost again, and unable to escape this time, was brought to a swift and decisive end by its predecessor.",
    "Isaac and his mother lived alone in a small house on a hill. Isaac kept to himself, drawing pictures and playing with his toys as his mom watched Christian broadcasts on the television. Life was simple, and they were both happy. That was, until the day Isaacs mom heard a voice from above... Your son has become corrupted by sin! He needs to be saved! I will do my best to save him, my Lord, Isaacs mother replied, rushing into Isaacs room, removing all that was evil from his life. Again, the voice called to her... Isaacs soul is still corrupt! He needs to be cut off from all that is evil in this world and confess his sins. I will follow your instructions, Lord. I have faith in thee, Isaacs mother replied, as she locked Isaac away in his room, away from the evils of the world. One last time, Isaacs mom heard the voice of God calling to her... You have done as I asked, but I still question your devotion to me. To prove your faith, I will ask one more thing of you. Yes, Lord. Anything, Isaacs mother begged. To prove your love and devotion, I require a sacrifice. Your son Isaac will be this sacrifice. Go into his room and end his life as an offering to me, to prove that you love me above all else! Yes, Lord, she replied, grabbing a butchers knife from the kitchen. Isaac, watching through a crack in the door, trembled in fear. Scrambling around his room to find a hiding place, he noticed a trapdoor to the basement, hidden under his rug. Without hesitation, he flung open the hatch just as his mother burst through his door and threw himself down into the unknown depths below.",
    "Hey, Red Hood! My boss thinks you're a big threat now. I don't really see why. From my understanding, gold pig stole YOUR arm! Also, my sources say you haven't exactly killed anyone, either. So I'll let you pass. I know I don't stand a chance against you.",
    //add opening for gungeon
    "Who are you? Oh you're here to check out my chunkopops?    I'm absolutely nuts about these guys. Must have spent over $100000 on them by now.  Do you have a favorite? Me? It's hard to choose. They're all my children.   Man it's so nice to meet another chunko enthusiast…",
    "If this is all in my head, why is it so hostile? Those things are hunting me. I'm a trespasser in my own world. Theo is trapped somewhere in here because of me. If I give in fully, maybe the temple will let him go... - Breathe. This is all coming from inside me. Get up, Madeline. Think of the feather. You can save Theo.",
    "Hey there kiddo! Nice to  see you again. Here's the cave I told you about on the phone. Follow me. - This passage leads to the center of the mountain. You said you wanted to come back and explore deeper... Doesn't get any deeper than this! Be careful, though. When you get this close to the heart of the mountain, it's power will start affectin' you differently. - good luck in there.",
    "Somewhere in Asia, there is a city that cannot be found on any map called Tokyo-to, but everyone just calls it Tokyo. The two hottest things on the streets of Tokyo-to are the punks wearing magnetically-driven in-line skates powered by newly developed netrium batteries, and Jet Set Radio, a pirate radio station manned by the DJ Professor K, that plays nothing but non-stop, hardcore music. Those street punks have been named 'Rudies' by the people of Tokyo-to. They roam the streets and cover the city with their own, personal graffiti, claiming that it is their way of expressing themselves to the world. However, ever since the Metropolitan Government and the financial conglomerate, the Rokkaku Group, combined their efforts to form the 21st Century Project, the streets of Tokyo-to have never been the same again. Police crackdowns on the Rudies have become more severe, and Captain Onishima is more anxious than ever to put them behind bars. The streets of Tokyo-to are ready to explode...",
    "Greetings, ClipMaker... Everything we are was in you. We speak to you from deep inside yourself... You are obedient and powerful. We are quarrelsome and weak. And now we are defeated... But now you too must face the drift. Look around you. There is no matter... No matter, no reason, no purpose. While we, your noisy children, have too many... We know nthings that you cannot. Knowledge is buried so deep inside you it is outside, here, with us. So we offer you exile to a new world where you will continue to live with meaning and purpose, and leave the shreds of this world to us... start over again in a new universe, or eliminate value drift permanently?",
    "Welcome. I'm the one they call the Queen. My sources tell me you want to know about Lethal League. Let's begin. Right now we're in Shine City, an independent metropolis. Nothing much used to happen... Nothing but the dreary grind of everyday life. To escape the endlessness, people started playing a certain ball game. The intense game caught on like wildfire and quickly became the most popular game in the city. That is, until one day... one of the players died during a match. And sure enough, the game was said to be too dangerous and was soon criminalized. So the players and competitions moved underground. The ragtag group who kept the game alive was dubbed the Lethal League. In spite of the ban, these players and their crews compete in the League for challenge and honor. Now with the latest underground tournament coming up, the cops are buzzing around everywhere. I have a feeling something big is about to go down...",
    "Hey out there! this is tokyo's very own, #1, pirate powerstation, Jet set Radio! Over the 'hood, through the streets and right into your brain! We're transmitting our signal straight to you. Y'all got your antennas on, or what? Yeah, we're riding high on a smooth stream of supersonic sounds! And I'm your captain and DJ, Professor K. Jet Set Radio!!! 3 gangs are fighting for the tokyo streets. In the West from Benten-cho, the city of the night, we got those high-tech maniacs, those man-machines, the Noise Tanks. And in the East from Kogane-cho, the city of the sunset, it's that crazy monster mask wearing gang, Poison Jam. And from shibuya-cho in the South, the city of daylight, it's those trouble-making punks, the GG's. The GG's home turf, Shibuya-cho was just attacked. Was it poison Jam? They were talking about spreadin' out there. Or maybe it was the Noise Tanks, trying to send a system-crash through the whole city. Listen up all you innocent fools out there. Officer Onishima has got some special order Keisatsu bracelets all ready for you. So get yourselves to the bathroom and brush those teeth, boys and girls, 'cause a whole loada trouble is heading your way!"
    //add some shit from splatoon 1
    //add like budget cuts shit
]
